so there was a lot of testosterone
around set I can imagine but also a lot
of humor where they cracking you up all
the time these two guys gosh yeah we
laughed a lot we had a lot of fun it was
a it was great they I mean the three of
us had never worked together so you
never know what that chemistry will be
but they had incredible chemistry and so
I was just glad that I didn't mess it up
when we were doing groups scenes and I
it was but it became like a fun dance
that we danced together do you have any
tricks like that like more cans the
winking tricks do you have any tricks
like that to get out of trouble and
you're really my um um it depends on who
it is do you know I think with my
husband it's tears that's nothing good
one
it make him feel sorry for me puppy dog
I need your help
um I it depends on person so if you like
getting a parking ticket or something
ages gosh I've never gotten a ticket in
my life i me I beg did I pleaded I don't
I I must not have a touch for that I
don't have a good one for that one so I
I saw this interview with you from
People magazine yes you were one of the
beautiful people without makeup that was
photographs so how is that for you is
that a scary experience yeah you always
are a little afraid like great I like to
pray I'm not going to get an enormous
pimple on my chin or my forehead right
before this happens because they really
take it seriously they do not they'll
retouch and they they don't let you
already makeup so it's just getting to
that day way without getting an enormous
temple was was a huge relief so being in
this industry you were saying the same
interview by the way that beauty comes
from within but in this industry you're
always being judged on your and your
looks as well so how do you deal with
insecurities around that and noisy
carries thank you mark is this me oh my
goodness
okay I'm done baby
that was very sweet um I still really
believe that in the end of a day yes of
course we all have insecurities you
can't help it but I do believe your soul
shines through even on camera and the
most beautiful person might not look so
great on camera if their soul isn't
beautiful and so the end of the day yes
I have all the insecurities that every
woman has I like to eat I work out to
eat okay
by me like I like you know it we I've
always hang ups that everybody does but
you have to have something that a belief
that that's not why you're there in the
end in the end it's about the energy to
give forth and I think there's tons of
examples and I don't want to go into it
but of people that might not be
conventionally beautiful but they become
beautiful because of their heart and
their soul and there's people that are
very beautiful have become very ugly
because of their heart or lack thereof
okay thank you very much thank you